QueryId	Query
Q01	The acronym originated at State Software, a company co-founded by Douglas Crockford and others in March 2001.
Q02	The examples and perspective in this article deal primarily with the United States and do not represent a worldwide view of the subject.
Q03	The vaccine was originally developed from Mycobacterium bovis, which is commonly found in cattle.[6] While it has been weakened, it is still live.
Q04	People infected with the Delta variant may mistake the symptoms for a bad cold and not realize they need to isolate.
Q05	Corey is the pen name used by collaborators Daniel Abraham and Ty Franck, authors of the science fiction series The Expanse.
Q06	Crucial elements of stories and storytelling include plot, characters and narrative point of view.
Q07	All were virtuous, and did everything from virtuous motives, O tiger among men.
Q08	I care little. I am unable to bear my daughter's grief.
Q09	The foremost of excellent Rishis, Vasishtha, had been engaged in his twilight adorations and seated as he was, he could not be seen by us.
Q10	I shall now adopt the Brahmacharya mode of life and follow in the imperishable wake of my father.
Q11	The sun, however, went down, but prince Duryodhana taking Karna's hand led him out of the arena lighted with countless lamps.
Q12	Knowing this, I have come to you, desirous of doing you some great good.
Q13	And the entire welkin filled with that blare of conches was diffused with an earthly dust that made it wonderful to behold.
Q14	Indeed, Bhima alone, approaching Bhishma, encountered him in battle.
Q15	Wise friends, however, from desire of doing him good, counselled him against that course.
Q16	Binding them by their necks and crushing them to an inch of their lives, he used to let them go.
Q17	And in consequence of those arrows, a universal rout was seen among thy troops.
Q18	Women by nature are crooked, fickle, devoid of religious knowledge, and bring about difference between father and sons.
Q19	His son Heinrich Gisler was a lifelong passionate collector of clocks, a tradition carried on by Heinrich's daughter Martha Gisler.
Q20	The building was moved from a similar wooded site to its current location in 1993.
